# Methods and tools
## Organization, monitoring and management of tasks and jobs:"Projects" on Github
Projects is an adaptable, flexible tool for planning and tracking work on GitHub.

A project is an adaptable spreadsheet that integrates with your issues and pull requests on GitHub to help you plan and track your work effectively. You can create and customize multiple views by filtering, sorting, grouping your issues and pull requests, adding custom fields to track metadata specific to your team, and visualize work with configurable charts. Rather than enforcing a specific methodology, a project provides flexible features you can customize to your team’s needs and processes.

## Communication: Whatsapp and Teams

We used WhatsApp and Teams as communication tools in the team, as they are the most used by all team members and are easy to use. Both offer the main functions of messaging and calling, with one being used for quick messages and notifications, and the other platform for larger meetings, so we were able to adapt the following functionalities to manage them:

* **Messaging:** WhatsApp we used when we were talking about topics that were easier to communicate, such as agreeing on the days we would meet to talk about the project and some quick notifications.  Teams also served as a messaging tool for us, as we used the chat to jot down certain things or pass material to each other when we had meetings. 

* **Project calls and discussion:** We used Teams for meetings, as it is very easy to use and uses less resources when making calls.
