# User stories
* USFR001: As a user, I would really like having all the intermediate algebra exercises divided by topic and difficulty level, so that way I can adapt my learning pace until I am ready to solve harder problems. 
* USFR002: I, as a college student, would like to have intermediate algebra exercises with their respective procedure step by step, so that way i would fully understand each problem and the process behind its solution. 
* USFR003: I, as a student, want an app that eases the process of reviewing the topics I was taught in algebra classes, with videos available for consult if I do not understand the exercises.   
* USFR004: As a user, I want the system to receive updates and download them automatically, so I can have more exercises to practice with 
* USFR005: As a user, I want the system to notify me when the app has received an update and the things that have changed as well, so I can continue using the app correctly. 

* USNFR001: I as a user would like to have access to the application without an account, so i can easily enter and use the application.
* USNFR002: As a user, I want the app to be available in spanish, so I can understand perfectly all the content. 
* USNFR003: I, as a university applicant, would like to have in my phone an application where I can study intermediate algebra problems in any place at any time, no matter if I do or do not have internet connection.
* USNFR004: As a user, I want the exercises to be available without an internet connection, so I can practice wherever I want.
* USNFR005: As a user, I would like the development team to constantly update the application, so that the application always works in its best state. 

### Guide:
+ **(M):** Must Have
+ **(S):** Should Have
+ **(C):** Could Have
+ **(W):** Won't Have
